# Website-Devlopment
Project Objective – Your “uncle” is requesting to create a website for him to share their passion and set up an online shop. Create a website using HTML and CSS. Project includes five different pages with navigation links, audio clips, video clips, a table, and a form.

Project Creation - This project was created using Sublime Text. I created a website for a German Shorthaired Pointer lover, who wishes to share their passions for the dogs with the world as well as sell handmade GSP related products. There is a home page that gives a brief introduction of the website, products, and an about us segment. There is a shop page with a grid of products as well as a table to display item prices. The history page is a breakdown of GSP history. The characteristics page explains physical aspects and variations of this dog. 

Project Challenges – The largest challenge when creating this project was how results were displayed on the live website versus how they displayed within my local HTML file. A few things needed to be changed to conform to the limits of the website server. The website server was in the process of pushing a new AI design system where all development would be created locally on their site. This made creating a blank website more difficult as the site kept pushing for prefabricated pages.

Project Success – I enjoyed creating this site and gaining experience with HTML and CSS. The site was aesthetically pleasing and easily readable with a common scheme throughout the pages. The user would easily be able to understand site navigation as well as the overall theme. This site could have been a lot of fun with real products to sell to dog lovers.
